Scaffold generate (#1126)
tuist/tuist: website/markdown/docs/usage/commands.mdx

tuist edit --permanent
```

That will generate a `Manifest.xcodeproj` project that you can open manually.

# Scaffold

> After project description helpers, `scaffold` is a next step to make it easier to create new modules in your app.

Reviewer: I'd rephrase this a bit to not use "after xx" because that's a temporary reference that readers might not have context about. What about something along the lines of:

```
In projects with an established architecture, developers might want to bootstrap new components or features that are consistent with the project....
```

> With `scaffold` you can define your own templates and soon also templates that Tuist provides to generate a basic structure of your module!

Reviewer: I'd avoid using `soon` because it's also a temporary reference.

> If you want to define your own template, we recommend you to run `tuist edit` - after that you can create a new directory at `Tuist/Templates/name_of_your_template` where `Tuist/Templates` is a directory where all your custom templates will live. Additionaly you have to create a `Template.swift` in that directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define templates, you can run `tuist edit` and then create a directory under `Tuist/Templates` that represents your template. Templates need a manifest file, `Template.swift` that describes the template:
```

```swift
import ProjectDescription

let nameAttribute: Template.Attribute = .required("name")

let template = Template(
    description: "Custom template",
    attributes: [
        nameAttribute,
        .optional("platform", default: "ios"),
    ],
    files: [
        .string(path: "Project.swift",
                contents: "My template contents of name \(nameAttribute)"),
        .file(path: "generated/Up.swift",
              templatePath: "generate.stencil"),
    ],
)
```

This template would then be called like this:
```bash
tuist scaffold name_of_template --name Name --platform macos
```

> You could also omit `--platform` argument since it is optional and the template provides a default value.

Reviewer: ```
Since platform is an optional argument, we can also call the command without the `--platform macos` argument.
```

> If you do not need any difficult logic, feel free to use `.string` for `files` parameter.

Reviewer: I'd rephrase it a bit:
```
If `.string` and `.files` don't provide enough flexibility, you can leverage the [Stencil](https://github.com/stencilproject/Stencil) templating language via the `.file` case.
```

Otherwise, you can leverage a powerful templating tool [Stencil](https://github.com/stencilproject/Stencil) via `.file` case.

> You can also leverage anything that you define in `ProjectDescriptionHelpers`, so you can share types and methods between your templates and manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Message info title="Project description helpers" description={`Templates can import [project description helpers](/docs/usage/helpers/). Just add `import ProjectDescriptionHelpers` at the top, and extract reusable logic into the helpers.`}/>
```
